Hello everyone and welcome back to
another AFK journey video. So the global
server is going to get all of the Dura
Trials floors unlocked tomorrow at
reset. And so in this video we're going
to talk about using my viewers account
from the VN server. What are the optimal
heroes to be focusing your charms on for
this first week of basically progress?
because the VN server is one week ahead
of us and I'm going to talk through them
and talk about all the optimal basically
heroes that you want to target in the
first week rather than doing an entire
tier list. I think this is better
because it can help you focus on this
first week one and then after this we
can talk about like an actual tier list
later down the line. So right now
Shamira is going to be the number one
hero. If you don't already have her
charms, you want to get them and butcher
charms are going to be the best ones for
her as you see over here. But after
Shamira, I think Ludovic should be the
second hero that you try to get charms
for. Inside charms are going to boost
his damage and is going to increase your
score in dream rom for quite a high
amount in multiple dream bosses. So
these inside charms are really
important. For example, today in Sigman
boss, if I would have had inside charms
onto Ludovic, I could have gone um maybe
like 10 or 15 billion damage higher.
Moving on, Aara also is going to be very
important um to get her charms. And the
most important is going to be these
blast charms because they give her
attack power and they also give her
ultimate power. The ultimate power is
not as important for her, but the attack
is going to increase her starting
attack. That is going to increase the
amount of stat steel that she can do to
the enemy bosses and that is going to
increase your overall attack buff value
that she provides to your own allies.
So, she would probably be my number
three priority. Other than this,
Pandora. Now, Pandora, he has on the
sorcery charms because I think he went
for them first. But the blast charms are
the recommended for Pandora because they
give not only ultimate power but also
attack. Attack is going to increase her
damage output by the most and ultimate
power as well. Ultimate power is going
to scale really well on her ultimate
ability. It is going to increase her HP
loss damage that she will deal to the
boss each time she cast her ultimate by
up to a bonus 20% every 0.5 second for a
5-second duration. So in total that's
20% 10 ticks of that over that 5-second
duration. So 200% in total. So that is
why getting blast charms will be really
important for and the attack buff will
be important. Now twins also are going
to be very important and you want to get
their sorcery charms. Now the thing
about twins it's always the awkward
thing unfortunately for these dream
endless bosses when we get mythic plus
charms. Some bosses sorcery charms and
twins are going to be optimal and you're
going to get a big score boost by
running them. But they're going to be
other bosses where you'll want to break
the charm set or even downgrade
sometimes to the red charms. However,
definitely sorcery charms on twins are
going to be important for um most of the
bosses and that's why they are going to
be a pretty high priority. Apart from
this, I definitely think the two that he
has gotten, Damon and Smokey, these are
two major priorities. Now, he's went for
the sorcery charms onto Damon, but like
I've recommended in the past, I believe
the best charms for Damon are going to
be the um the mystic charms because
these give him haste and skill power.
Skill power is going to increase his
attack buff he provides to an ally uh
from his buddy Barry, his shield, and
the haste is going to increase his
school skill casting frequency, and that
can allow him to proc more of his drain
health damage. Like, this is a drain
health damage skill, playtime plunder.
giving him haste is going to allow him
to cycle this faster. So, that is one
option. Um, I definitely think it's
better than sorcery charms. They are not
the best for dream rom, but I definitely
think that could be a way that who
knows, ruthless charms might be good,
blast charms could be good, but I'm
probably going to go with the mystic
charms. Um, because like I said, it does
two things and one of them being the
attack buff uh value by a pretty big a
bonus 8% for four skill power. So, that
is Damon. Smokey, you want to give him
like always either sorcery charms or you
want to give him the recovering charms.
Anything that will give him skill power
will be important. Uh because that is
just going to increase the attack buff
he can provide to his allies. If you
take a look at his skill power here, the
attack buff he provides to allies in his
aroma in his aura is going to be
increased by uh up to 4% if you give him
the four skill power from those charms.
That's why that is important. And of
course, the other thing is when you give
a hero mythic plus charms, not only are
they going to get the set effect,
they're also going to get their quality
bonus. Um, and but more importantly,
they're going to get more stats. Look at
the raw stats you have here. 15.3%
attack. If you compare it to legendary
plus charm, a legendary plus charm will
give 12% attack. So, you do just get
that attack bonus by upgrading to
mythic. And that is the other reason to
be doing that. So, those are really the
key dream realm heroes if we had to sum
it up. However, there are going to be
other ones. For example, of course, if
you have Boran or Hurac, definitely
these are going to be major priorities.
So, um if you have Boran or Herok build,
these are going to be even higher pri
priorities than the other. And I'll have
a column on the left with my in my mind
what are going to be the priority order
of all the heroes. So, insight onto
barrel are going to be very important.
They increase his damage by a high
amount. And he's meta in like three to
four of eight different dream bosses. if
you have them, definitely get those
inside charms. And for her is either
Butcher or Balanced. Uh in Necro Draken,
we've seen that butcher charms were the
best for her. I don't know about the
other bosses we're going to face. It
could be that Butcher are the o overall
optimal set. So, if you're going to
craft right now, I would recommend
Butcher first, but you might need
balanced as well. There's sometimes some
bosses where balance do better, some
bosses where Butcher does better. I
don't know. But butcher is doing overall
a bit better than balance. So, I would
probably recommend those onto Herac for
right now. Ferstro will be important,
but you don't need to complete the set.
This is the thing about Ferstro is that
he doesn't benefit that much even from a
set effect. Like increasing his ultimate
and skill power, it hardly increases his
damage because his major source of
damage is from the vicious sting. This
is going to be HP per second damage. And
this is not going to be affected by
skill power. Skill power is going to
raise the the basically HP percentage,
but it will not raise his cap. His cap
is always going to be 40% of FSO's
attack. It cannot exceed that. And so
his attack is actually the limiting
factor. And so if you just want to
increase his attack, you can do that
through stats. So you just want to get
of course all these upgraded charms, the
mythic plus, but you don't have to
complete any set effect. That is the
thing about Festo. But sorcery would be
optimal if you wanted to. Krueger, he's
even gone for the Krueger charms. I
wonder if he focused this or not. Um,
and he went for sorcery charms to
increase his damage. I do think in the
past it has been sorcery pretty decent
for Krueger. But I don't know if I would
really recommend Krueger as one of those
major priorities to focus and he also
has phamore but in the past you have
wanted the arcane charms onto phomore.
So if you're going to focus anything on
phamore it would probably be the arcane
charms and he hasn't even gone for the
Sinbad charms. That's interesting. But
definitely gale charms on a Sinbad and
Sinbad is the best for Lucia. Um, so
getting the gale charms on Sinbad, those
are going to be relatively important as
well. Um, apart from this, we have uh
Sonia not going to be a major. He has a
Shakir and he's gotten the Shakir
charms. And of course, if you're going
to go for Shakira charms, you need to go
for the mystic ones. You need to get the
skill power because the skill power is
going to apply to his Lupine's aura. And
and actually Shakir is going to be a
major priority cuz he's met for Noctturn
Judicator. And at least from from what I
remember, Noctturn adjudicator is yeah,
one of the dream on bosses. And Shakira
with that skill power is going to
increase the amount of attack buff he
provides to allies by this uh 4%. So per
ally within this Lupine's aura is going
to be for each four skill power that is
going to be 4% bonus attack given to all
allies within the aura. And like in the
secure teams, you're stacking your
allies like you know having like five
six different allies in his aura. And
then five or six times that 4% bonus
you're getting is a big amount then and
it's given to all of your allies within
that aura. So Shakira is going to be
very important. So like I think like my
view obviously is very optimal in how
he's been focusing charms. These are
definitely the key charms to be focusing
in that first week. Hugan if you're
using him in any team. Then his charm
set would be either blast charms or the
mystic charms. Both are good for Hugan
and have been good in the past. And I
would probably say I would probably say
the the mystic charms are good if you
can keep the hero on his mechanized bond
tile in the behind him. Blast charms are
good if the hero is leaving the
mechanized bond tile because basically
the mystic charms are better for buffing
up his mechanized bond buff value. And
where is his rainer? His Rainineer does
have the mythic charms, but he again he
hasn't focused on getting a set because
a set is not important. But getting this
upgrade to mythic is going to be
important because they will increase
attack by 30%. From 25 to 30% defense
penetration up from 25 to 30 and then
also uh 18% if you do manage your sister
defeat. So all of these are going to
boost the value basically. Reineer is
going to buff up the ally behind him.
And that of course is important in these
um top tier teams. So really yeah that
is basically going to be the key terms
you want to focus. I will have like a
whole list on the side to kind of
summarize it and put you in an order as
well in what I would recommend. And then
the other some heroes he has Tossi uh
Siren. So Tossi is for AFK stages. I
will mention this cuz blasttorms on a
Tossi are very strong. They give her
ultimate power. They give her attack.
That is going to prolong the duration of
her crowd control, her sleep, and also
increase her damage output by a lot. So
of course, Tossio really important
because she's using a lot of AFK stages.
So getting her blast charm is probably a
major priority. But other than that,
that is basically it. Those are all the
key heroes you'll want to be focusing in
that first week to even 10 days. And if
you can get all this done, you're going
to be in a really good position. So, I
hope you guys enjoyed the video. Thank
you for watching. That is going to be it
for this one. I'll hopefully see you
guys in the next video. And if you have
any other tips about charm priority,
feel free to share in the comment
section down below. But I hope you guys
enjoyed the video. I'll see you in the
next one. If you're not already
subscribed to our YouTube channel,
please smash that subscribe button.
Also, feel free to join my AFK Journey
Discord server. There's a link to that
in the description of this video. And
finally, if you're thinking about making
a purchase in AFK Journey, please use my
affiliate link for the official
Firelight store. There's a link to that
in the description of this video and a
pin comment. This is the best way you
can support me at no extra cost to you.
So, thanks for watching. I'll hopefully
see you in the next video. And until
then everyone, peace out for